here's three socially unacceptable
things that we need to fix remember when
you were a kid and the floor was just as
if not more comfortable than an actual
chair yeah we quickly lose that Comfort
because society says sitting on the
floor is unacceptable but if you wanted
to be comfortable on the floor it
literally just takes practice next is
running everywhere you
go ooh I don't care if it's literally
just to go fetch the mail but we all
should run more often if you're able we
aren't all as blessed and lastly we
should be able to talk about our
insecurities and not be caged by our own
mind like for instance I have psoriasis
that I've been battling with my entire
life so maybe you think I'm disgusting
now because of my head flakes but I
think in the comments you'll see mostly
positivity which means I don't have to
hide myself in existential dread and
shame stay flexing